I'm Judy Benny Hill I'm doing DPhil and
ancient history
I chose Oxford because it was my dream
school I think it's a really good course
because we have a really large
department it gathers all the good
researchers in the field in the same
place and it's sort of a central place
for classics in Europe I think so you
don't really have to travel very far
away to meet really top researchers and
have a chat with them
my name is Sarah Hodge I'm reading for
detail in classical languages and
literature the Oxford classics faculty
as far as I know is the largest in the
world we're highly intelligent people
from around the world from a high
diversity of backgrounds and cultures
confront you with their views question
your views and we're had such
discussions with a very good friend from
Hong Kong where he had a totally
different approach to life and just
opened my eyes and that was also very
interesting and helpful for my degree
because obviously this intellectual
opening up really helps you thinking
like someone from a different culture
and that doesn't necessarily mean
someone living on the other side of the
planet but also someone living 2,000
years earlier I use the library all the
time we have a lot of libraries we have
a library dedicated to archaeology and
ancient history which is a Sackler
library behind the Ashmolean which is a
really really exhaustive library which
is really nice you you have three or
four years where you work on a project
my supervisor grants me the freedom of
organizing my time schedule the way I
want it so it gives me a lot of
flexibility also for college life we
meet for one or two hours of tutorials
where we have very close look on what
I've done so fun where he gives me
recommendations on further editing or
add new ideas to this combining this
managing and
very high intellectual demands and that
makes it very exciting so my course is
basically very sort of free I kind of do
it at my pace so I don't really have
that many classes today but I can of
course and it's always really
interesting to do it you have a lot of
lectures and conferences from really
interesting scholars coming from all
over the world what is also really good
is that they give a lot of opportunity
for students masters or diesels to
present their work I could stay in the
men of classics but also focusing on
speeches in 20th or 21st century it's
very tempting to enter a domain like
speech writing for example and I mean
the techniques Michelle Obama's speech
and well discovered just she's using
exactly the same means of persuasion
than cicero used or that already
Aristotle was describing in his art of
rhetoric and so if the domain of Asian
rhetoric should have many doors open and
also the UK job market is very
interesting because apparently the
Oxford classics degree is one of the
most highly valued diplomas out there so
I'm quite optimistic in that sense